[docs] Explain `returning_clause`, `column_values`, `conflict_target, `conflict_action` in YSQL INSERT (#28457)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/dml_insert.md

### *returning_clause*

The optional `RETURNING` clause causes `INSERT` to compute and return values based on each row that's actually inserted or updated (when you use an `ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE` clause). 
You'll primarily find this useful for getting values supplied by defaults, like a serial sequence number. 
However, you can use any expression that uses the table's columns. 
The syntax for the `RETURNING` list is identical to the output list of `SELECT`.

> Only rows that were successfully inserted or updated will be returned. For example, if a row was locked but not updated because an `ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE ... WHERE` clause condition wasn't satisfied, that row won't be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only rows that are successfully inserted or updated are returned. For example, if a row is locked but not updated because an `ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE ... WHERE` clause condition wasn't satisfied, that row won't be returned.
```

### *column_values*

The values you supply in the `VALUES` clause or query are matched with your column list from left to right. 

> Any column not included in your explicit or implicit column list will be filled with its default value. If there's no declared default value for that column, it'll be set to `NULL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any column not included in your explicit or implicit column list is filled with its default value. If there's no declared default value for that column, it is set to `NULL`.
```

If the expression for any column isn't the correct data type, YugabyteDB will attempt automatic type conversion.

### *conflict_target*

> The `conflict_target` specifies which conflicts `ON CONFLICT` should handle by choosing arbiter indexes. You can either perform unique index inference or name a constraint explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `conflict_target` specifies which conflicts `ON CONFLICT` should handle by choosing arbiter indexes. You can either perform unique index inference, or name a constraint explicitly.
```

The requirements depend on which conflict action you're using:

- **For `ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING`** - Specifying a `conflict_target` is optional. When you omit it, conflicts with all usable constraints and unique indexes are handled.
- **For `ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE`** - You must provide a `conflict_target`.

### *conflict_action*

> The `conflict_action` specifies what to do when a conflict occurs with `ON CONFLICT`. You have two options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `conflict_action` specifies what to do when a conflict occurs with `ON CONFLICT`. You have the following two options:
```

> - `DO NOTHING` - Simply ignore the conflicting row and don't insert it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DO NOTHING` - Simply ignore the conflicting row and don't insert it.
```

> - `DO UPDATE` - Perform an update operation on the existing row instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DO UPDATE` - Perform an update operation on the existing row instead.
```

When you use `DO UPDATE`, you'll need to specify the exact details of the `UPDATE` action. In the `SET` and `WHERE` clauses of `ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE`, you can access:

> - The existing row using the table's name (or an alias you've defined)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The existing row using the table's name (or an alias you've defined).
```

> - The row that was proposed for insertion using the special `excluded` table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The row that was proposed for insertion using the special `excluded` table.
```

You'll need `SELECT` privilege on any column in the target table where you're reading from the corresponding `excluded` columns.

> Keep in mind that the `excluded` values reflect all the effects of per-row `BEFORE INSERT` triggers, since those effects may have contributed to the row being excluded from insertion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `excluded` values reflect all the effects of per-row `BEFORE INSERT` triggers, as those effects may have contributed to the row being excluded from insertion.
```
